.\" Copyright (c) 2011, Intel Corporation
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
.\"
.\"	* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"	* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
.\"	  documentation 
.\"	  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"	* Neither the name of Intel Corporation nor the names of its 
.\"	  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from 
.\"	  this software without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" 
.\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE 
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE 
.\" LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF 
.\" SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
.\" INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
.\" CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
.\" ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
.\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.TH <ssi.h> 3 "September 28, 2011" "version 0.1" "Linux Programmer's Reference"
.SH NAME
ssi.h - RSTe Standard Storage Interface definitions
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <ssi.h>
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBIntel® Rapid Storage Technology\fR enterprise with \fBLinux OS* Standard 
Storage Interface\fR API Library. The library allows user to manage storage 
devices including creating and managing Raid arrays on systems with 
\fBIntel\fR chipset.

The RAID Management API allows complete management of the Intel Storage
systems based on a RAID controller included in the Intel chipset.
This API allows end user to manage these systems from their proprietary
RAID management application which simplifies tasks associated with
the RAID system management.

The RAID API is developed as Linux shared library (so). This library
manages and configures the Intel RAID driver using mdadm application
and issues IOCTL calls to get some information from the OS.
The API exposed to the RAID Management Application can be executed
via function calls.

A number of functions in this API retrieve handles to different objects. In 
this section, we'll refer to those functions collectively as the getHandles 
functions.
.br
Many of the \fBgetHandles\fR functions include a \fBscopeType\fR parameter as 
well as a \fBscopeHandle\fR parameter.  
.br
The purpose of these parameters is to allow a consumer of the API to specify a 
specific subset of handles that they wish to retrieve; to define a filter of 
the data returned. For example, a caller may be interested only in retrieving 
the handles to all volumes that are in a particular array, while another 
caller may wish to retrieve handles to all volumes on a given controller.

In order to retrieve handles for all end devices directly attached to 
controller n, a caller would call \fBSsiGetEndDeviceHandles()\fR with a scope 
type of \fBSSI_ScopeTypeControllerDirect\fR, and a scopeHandle of n.
.br
However, if the caller simply wanted to retrieve all end devices, he could 
call \fBSsiGetEndDeviceHandles()\fR with a scope type of 
\fBSSI_ScopeTypeNone\fR, and a \fBscopeHandle\fR of \fBSSI_NULL_HANDLE\fR.

All handles are valid within the scope of the process that generated the 
handles. No handle is valid across processes.

This manual is split into a couple of parts, for clarity purposes. See below.

.B Note: 
The reader 
.I MUST 
first familiarize him/herself with the API 
initialization/finalization and sessions (see below).
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP 
\fBssi_types(\fR3\fB), ssi_defines(\fR3)\fB, ssi_functions(\fR3\fB), 
SsiInitialize(\fR3\fB), SsiFinalize(\fR3\fB), SsiSessionOpen(\fR3\fB), 
SsiSessionClose(\fR3\fB).\fR
.SH AUTHORS
Anna Czarnowska (anna.czarnowska@intel.com), 
Lukasz Orlowski (lukasz.orlowski@intel.com),
Artur Wojcik (artur.wojcik@intel.com )
