.\" Copyright (c) 2011, Intel Corporation
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
.\"
.\"	* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"	* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
.\"	  documentation 
.\"	  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"	* Neither the name of Intel Corporation nor the names of its 
.\"	  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from 
.\"	  this software without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" 
.\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE 
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE 
.\" LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF 
.\" SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
.\" INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
.\" CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
.\" ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
.\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.TH "SSI Types" 3 "September 28, 2011" "version 0.1" "Linux Programmer's Reference"
.SH NAME
SSI types - description of types used within SSI API
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <ssi.h>

.B Base types
.PP
These base types are defined here to avoid ambiguity of type sizes, as different 
compilers may treat types differently.  A particular implementation will likely 
need to modify the type definitions to match with the specific compiler used.  
Endianness shall be the native endianness for the architecture the library is 
implemented on.
.br
(The specific types used below are an example that could be used for 
\fBWindows\fR.  These must be changed by an implementation depending on the 
compiler used to ensure that the memory footprint and signing of the \fBSSI\fR 
types are correct).

.IP
\fBtypedef char             SSI_Char;
.br
typedef unsigned __int8  SSI_Uint8;
.br
typedef __int8           SSI_Int8;
.br
typedef unsigned __int16 SSI_Uint16;
.br
typedef __int16          SSI_Int16;
.br
typedef unsigned __int32 SSI_Uint32;
.br
typedef __int32          SSI_Int32;
.br
typedef __int64          SSI_Int64;
.br
typedef unsigned __int64 SSI_Uint64;

.br 
typedef SSI_Uint32 SSI_Bool;

.br
#define SSI_TRUE 1
.br
#define SSI_FALSE 0\fR
.PP
.B Handle type
.IP 
\fBtypedef SSI_Uint32 SSI_Handle;

#define SSI_Handle SSI_NULL_HANDLE  0;\fR
.PP 
Handles are used throughout the API as opaque references to objects.  Consumers 
of the API should not consider the handles to have any meaning other than 
opaque handles. Implementations are free to use whatever mechanism they choose 
to pick handles, subject to the constraints listed below.

.IP
.B Constraints:

Session handles may not be re-used within the same process.  A new, unique 
handle must be generated for each new session.  
Handles must be unique for all device types (disks, ports, arrays, volumes, and 
phys).  For example, it would be invalid to have a disk with a handle of 4 if 
there were already a port with a handle of 4.
Handles may not be re-used for device types.  For example, if a disk with a 
handle of 23 is removed from the system, and another disk is inserted, it would 
be invalid for the new disk to also have a handle of 23.  

\fBNote:\fR If and only if an implementation has used up the entire (2^32 \- 1) 
state space of valid handles, an exception is granted to re-use previously-used 
handles.

.PP
.B Status types
.IP
\fBtypedef enum _SSI_Status
{
    SSI_StatusOk = 0,
    SSI_StatusInsufficientResources,
    SSI_StatusInvalidParameter,
    SSI_StatusInvalidHandle,
    SSI_StatusInvalidStripSize,
    SSI_StatusInvalidString,
    SSI_StatusInvalidSize,
    SSI_StatusInvalidRaidLevel,
    SSI_StatusInvalidSession,
    SSI_StatusTimeout,
    SSI_StatusNotImplemented,
    SSI_StatusDuplicate,
    SSI_StatusNotInitialized,
    SSI_StatusBufferTooSmall,
    SSI_StatusNotSupported,
    SSI_StatusFailed,
    SSI_StatusInternalError,
    SSI_StatusInvalidScope,
    SSI_StatusInvalidState,
    SSI_StatusRetriesExceeded,
    SSI_StatusWrongPassword,
    SSI_StatusDataExceedsLimits,
    SSI_StatusInsufficientPrivileges,
    SSI_StatusInternalError,
.br
} SSI_Status;\fR
.PP
The only value that indicates success is \fBSSI_StatusOk\fR.
.br
All other return values indicate a non-success condition.
.PP
.B Volume Cache Policy
.IP
\fBtypedef enum _SSI_VolumeCachePolicy
{
    SSI_VolumeCachePolicyUnknown = 0,
    SSI_VolumeCachePolicyOff,
    SSI_VolumeCachePolicyWriteThrough,
    SSI_VolumeCachePolicyWriteBack,
.br
} SSI_VolumeCachePolicy;\fR

.B Values
.IP
\fBSSI_VolumeCachePolicyUnknown\fR \- Cache policy is unknown.
.br
\fBSSI_VolumeCachePolicyOff\fR \- Cache is disabled.
.br
\fBSSI_VolumeCachePolicyWriteThrough\fR \- A write-through cache will be used, 
which may include read caching.  Data security is ensured because all write 
operations are not cached.
.br
\fBSSI_VolumeCachePolicyWriteBack\fR \- Optimal caching for performance, but 
because writes are cached, data loss can occur if the cached data is lost 
(i.e. from power loss).
.PP
. B Write Cache Policy
.IP
\fBtypedef enum _SSI_WriteCachePolicy
{
    SSI_WriteCachePolicyUnknown = 0,
    SSI_WriteCachePolicyOff,
    SSI_WriteCachePolicyOn,
.br
} SSI_WriteCachePolicy;\fR

.B Values
.IP
\fBSSI_WriteCachePolicyUnknown\fR - Cache policy is unknown.
.br
\fBSSI_WriteCachePolicyOff\fR - Cache is disabled.
.br
\fBSSI_WriteCachePolicyOn\fR - A write-through cache will be used, which may 
include read caching.  Data security is ensured because all write operations 
are not cached.
.PP
.B VolCacheSize
.IP
\fBtypedef enum _SSI_VolCacheSize
{
    SSI_VolCacheSizeUnknown = 0x0,
    SSI_VolCacheSizeSafeMode = 0x1,
    SSI_VolCacheSizeInbox = 0x2,
    SSI_VolCacheSize4MB = 0x4,
    SSI_VolCacheSize16MB = 0x10
.br
} SSI_VolCacheSize;\fR

.B Values
.IP
\fBSSI_VolCacheUnknown\fR - Cache size is unknown or 0.
.br
\fBSSI_VolCacheSafeMode\fR - Safe Mode.
.br
\fBSSI_VolCacheInbox\fR - Inbox driver.
.br
\fBSSI_VolCache4MB\fR - Cache size is 4 MB.
.br
\fBSSI_VolCache16MB\fR - Cache size is 16 MB.
.PP
.B Raid Level
.IP
\fBtypedef enum _SSI_RaidLevel
{
    SSI_Raid0  = 0x01,
    SSI_Raid1  = 0x02,
    SSI_Raid10 = 0x04,
    SSI_Raid5  = 0x08,
    SSI_Raid6  = 0x10,
.br
} SSI_RaidLevel;\fR

.B Values
.IP
\fBSSI_RAID0\fR - Raid 0, a.k.a. striping.
.br
\fBSSI_RAID1\fR - Raid 1, a.k.a. mirroring.
.br
\fBSSI_RAID10\fR - Raid 10.
.br
\fBSSI_RAID5\fR - Raid 5.
.br
\fBSSI_RAID6\fR - Raid 6.
.PP
.B Strip Size
.IP
\fBtypedef enum _SSI_StripSize
{
    SSI_StripSizeUnknown    = 0x0,
    SSI_StripSize2kB        = 0x1,
    SSI_StripSize4kB        = 0x2,
    SSI_StripSize8kB        = 0x4,
    SSI_StripSize16kB       = 0x8,
    SSI_StripSize32kB       = 0x10,
    SSI_StripSize64kB       = 0x20,
    SSI_StripSize128kB      = 0x40,
    SSI_StripSize256kB      = 0x80,
    SSI_StripSize512kB      = 0x100,
    SSI_StripSize1MB        = 0x200,
    SSI_StripSize2MB        = 0x400,
    SSI_StripSize4MB        = 0x800,
    SSI_StripSize8MB        = 0x1000,
    SSI_StripSize16MB       = 0x2000,
    SSI_StripSize32MB       = 0x4000,
    SSI_StripSize64MB       = 0x8000,
.br
} SSI_StripSize;\fR

.B Values
.IP
Strip size is indicated by the name.
.PP
.B Device Type
.IP
\fBtypedef enum _SSI_DeviceType
{
    SSI_DeviceTypeUnknown = 0,
    SSI_DeviceTypeController,
    SSI_DeviceTypeEndDevice,
    SSI_DeviceTypeRoutingDevice,
.br
} SSI_DeviceType;\fR

.B Values
.IP
\fBSSI_DeviceTypeController\fR - Device type is unknown.
.br
\fBSSI_DeviceTypeController\fR - Used for a controller.
.br
\fBSSI_DeviceTypeEndDevice\fR - Used for an end device.
.br
\fBSSI_DeviceTypeRoutingDevice\fR - Used for a routing device.
.PP
.B Scope Type
.IP
\fBtypedef enum _SSI_ScopeType
    {
    SSI_ScopeTypeNone = 0,
    SSI_ScopeTypeControllerDirect,
    SSI_ScopeTypeControllerAll,  
    SSI_ScopeTypeRaidInfo,
    SSI_ScopeTypeEndDevice,
    SSI_ScopeTypeRoutingDevice,
    SSI_ScopeTypePort,
    SSI_ScopeTypePhy,
    SSI_ScopeTypeArray,
    SSI_ScopeTypeEnclosure,
.br
} SSI_ScopeType;\fR

.B Values
.IP
\fBSSI_ScopeTypeNone\fR - Indicates that no scoping restrictions should be used.
.br(i.e. don’t limit results to a single scope).
.br
\fBSSI_ScopeTypeControllerDirect\fR - Used for a controller scope on direct 
attached elements.
.br
\fBSSI_ScopeTypeControllerAll\fR - Used for a controller scope on all elements 
associated to the controller.
.br
\fBSSI_ScopeTypeRaidInfo\fR - Used for a raid info scope.
.br
\fBSSI_ScopeTypeEndDevice\fR - Used for a an end device scope.
.br
\fBSSI_ScopeTypeRoutingDevice\fR - Used for a routing device scope.
.br
\fBSSI_ScopeTypePort\fR - Used for a port scope.
.br
\fBSSI_ScopeTypePhy\fR - Used for a phy scope.
.br
\fBSSI_ScopeTypeArray\fR - Used for an array scope.
.br
\fBSSI_ScopeTypeEnclosure\fR - Used for an enclosure scope.
.PP
.B Common structures

These are the common structures used across SSI API.
.IP
\fBtypedef struct _SSI_ScsiAddress
{
    SSI_Uint8 host;
    SSI_Uint8 bus;
    SSI_Uint8 target;
    SSI_Uint8 lun;
.br
} SSI_ScsiAddress;\fR

.B Fields
.IP
\fBhost\fR - The SCSI host.
.br
\fBbus\fR - The SCSI bus.
.br
\fBtarget\fR - The SCSI target.
.br
\fBlun\fR - The SCSI lun.
.br

\fBtypedef struct _SSI_Address
{
    SSI_ScsiAddress scsiAddress;    
    SSI_Bool sasAddressPresent;
    SSI_Uint64 sasAddress;    
.br
} SSI_Address;\fR

.B Fields
.IP
\fBscsiAddress\fR -SCSI address.  
.br
\fBsasAddressPresent\fR - Indicates if sasAddress contains a valid address.
.br
\fBsasAddress\fR - SAS address, if available.  
.SH MORE TYPES
.PP
There is a number of function specific types defined, those however are tightly 
coupled with particular functions. They are described in per function man pages.
.SH MORE STRUCTURES
.PP
There is much more function specific structures, those however are described in 
per function manual.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBssi.h(\fR3\fB), ssi_defines(\fR3\fB), ssi_functions(\fR3\fB).\fR
.SH AUTHORS
Anna Czarnowska (anna.czarnowska@intel.com), 
Lukasz Orlowski (lukasz.orlowski@intel.com),
Artur Wojcik (artur.wojcik@intel.com)
