.\" Copyright (c) 2011, Intel Corporation
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
.\"
.\"	* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"	* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
.\"	  documentation 
.\"	  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"	* Neither the name of Intel Corporation nor the names of its 
.\"	  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from 
.\"	  this software without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" 
.\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE 
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE 
.\" LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF 
.\" SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
.\" INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
.\" CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
.\" ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
.\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.TH "SSI Structures" 3 "September 28, 2011" "version 0.1" "Linux Programmer's Reference"
.SH NAME
SSI structures - description of structures used within SSI API
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <ssi.h>

\fBtypedef struct _SSI_ScsiAddress
{
    SSI_Uint8 host;
    SSI_Uint8 bus;
    SSI_Uint8 target;
    SSI_Uint8 lun;
.br
} SSI_ScsiAddress;\fR

\fBtypedef struct _SSI_Address
{
    SSI_ScsiAddress scsiAddress;    
    SSI_Bool sasAddressPresent;
    SSI_Uint64 sasAddress;    
.br
} SSI_Address;\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
These are the common structures used across SSI API. There is a number of 
function specific ones, those however are described in per function manual 
pages.
.PP
.B SSI_ScsiAddress Fields
.IP
\fBhost\fR - The SCSI host.
.br
\fBbus\fR - The SCSI bus.
.br
\fBtarget\fR - The SCSI target.
.br
\fBlun\fR - The SCSI lun.
.br
.PP
.B Fields SSI_Address
.IP
\fBscsiAddress\fR -SCSI address.  
.br
\fBsasAddressPresent\fR - Indicates if sasAddress contains a valid address.
.br
\fBsasAddress\fR - SAS address, if available.  
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBssi_types(\fR3\fB), ssi_defines(\fR3\fB), ssi_functions(\fR3\fB).\fR
.SH AUTHORS
Anna Czarnowska (anna.czarnowska@intel.com), 
Lukasz Orlowski (lukasz.orlowski@intel.com),
Artur Wojcik (artur.wojcik@intel.com)
