.\" Copyright (c) 2011, Intel Corporation
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
.\"
.\"	* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"	* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
.\"	  documentation 
.\"	  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"	* Neither the name of Intel Corporation nor the names of its 
.\"	  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from 
.\"	  this software without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" 
.\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE 
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE 
.\" LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF 
.\" SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
.\" INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
.\" CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
.\" ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
.\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.TH "SSI Defines" 3 "September 28, 2011" "version 0.1" "Linux Programmer's Reference"
.SH NAME
SSI defines - description of defines used within SSI API
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <ssi.h>
.PP
\fB#define SSI_TRUE 1
.br
#define SSI_FALSE 0
.br
#define SSI_VOLUME_SERIALNO_LENGTH 21
.br
#define SSI_SOFTWARE_VERSION_LENGTH 32
.br
#define SSI_VENDOR_LENGTH 8
.br
#define SSI_PRODUCT_ID_LENGTH 16
.br
#define SSI_PRODUCT_REV_LENGTH 4\fR
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
These are several common structures used across SSI API. There are some 
function specific defines, which are described in per function manual pages.

\fBSSI_VOLUME_SERIALNO_LENGTH\fR - The size in bytes of the buffer to be used 
to store a volume serial number. This size includes space for a terminating 
null character.  

\fBSSI_SOFTWARE_VERSION_LENGTH\fR - The size in bytes of the buffer to be used 
to store a software version string. This size includes space for a terminating 
null character.  

\fBSSI_VENDOR_LENGTH\fR - The size in bytes of the buffer to be used to store 
a vendor string.

\fBSSI_PRODUCT_ID_LENGTH\fR - The size in bytes of the buffer to be used to 
store a product ID string. This size includes space for a terminating null 
character.  

\fBSSI_PRODUCT_REV_LENGTH\fR - The size in bytes of the buffer to be used to 
store a product revision string. This size includes space for a terminating 
null character. 
.SH MORE DEFINES
There is a number of additional defines, those however are used with particular 
functions only. They are described in appropriate function manual pages.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBssi.h(\fR3\fB), \fBssi_types(\fR3\fB), ssi_functions(\fR3\fB).\fR
.SH AUTHORS
Anna Czarnowska (anna.czarnowska@intel.com), 
Lukasz Orlowski (lukasz.orlowski@intel.com),
Artur Wojcik (artur.wojcik@intel.com )
