.\" Copyright (c) 2011, Intel Corporation
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
.\"
.\"	* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"	* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
.\"	  documentation 
.\"	  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"	* Neither the name of Intel Corporation nor the names of its 
.\"	  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from 
.\"	  this software without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" 
.\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE 
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE 
.\" LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF 
.\" SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
.\" INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
.\" CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
.\" ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
.\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.TH SsiAddDisksToArray 3 "September 28, 2011" "version 0.1" "Linux Programmer's Reference"
.SH NAME
SsiAddDisksToArray - adds one or more disks to an existing array
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B #include <ssi.h>

.BI "SSI_Status SsiAddDisksToArray(SSI_Handle " arrayHandle ", "
.BI "SSI_Handle *" diskHandles " , SSI_Uint32 " diskHandleCount ");"

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This function is used to add one or more disks to an existing array.  This 
operation may only be performed if the array is in the 
\fBSSI_ArrayStateNormal\fR state, and all volumes on that array are in the 
\fBSSI_VolumeStateNormal\fR states.
.PP
.B Input parameters
.IP
\fBarrayHandle\fR - Handle of the array to add disks to.
.br
\fBdiskHandles\fR - An array of handles of disks to be added to the array.
.br
\fBdiskHandleCount\fR - Indicates the number of handles present in the 
\fBdiskHandles\fR list.
.PP
.B Return value
.IP
\fBSSI_StatusOk\fR - Indicates success.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusNotInitialized\fR - Indicates that the system has not been 
initialized.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidHandle\fR - An invalid handle was passed in.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidParameter\fR - A null parameter was passed in.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusBufferTooSmall\fR - diskHandleCount is set to 0.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidSize\fR - The disks cannot be added because it would 
create a volume with an unsupported/ invalid size.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusDataExceedsLimits\fR - The call failed because adding the disks 
would exceed the number of additional devices the system can add as raid 
devices because it would exceed either \fBmaxDisksPerArray\fR or 
\fBmaxRaidDisksSupported\fR as specified in the \fBcontrollerInfo\fR structure.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusFailed\fR - The call failed to complete successfully.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBssi.h(\fR3\fB), ssi_types(\fR3\fB), ssi_defines(\fR3\fB), 
ssi_functions(\fR3\fB).\fR
.SH AUTHORS
Anna Czarnowska (anna.czarnowska@intel.com), 
Lukasz Orlowski (lukasz.orlowski@intel.com),
Artur Wojcik (artur.wojcik@intel.com )
