.\" Copyright (c) 2011, Intel Corporation
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
.\"
.\"	* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"	* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
.\"	  documentation 
.\"	  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"	* Neither the name of Intel Corporation nor the names of its 
.\"	  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from 
.\"	  this software without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" 
.\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE 
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE 
.\" LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF 
.\" SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
.\" INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
.\" CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
.\" ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
.\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.TH SsiDiskClearMetadata 3 "September 28, 2011" "version 0.1" "Linux Programmer's Reference"
.SH NAME
SsiDiskClearMetadata - clears the metadata off of a disk
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B #include <ssi.h>

.BI "SSI_Status SsiDiskClearMetadata(SSI_Handle " diskHandle ");"

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Clears the metadata off of a disk.  This is generally done if the disk is 
being used by the RAID stack, but cannot otherwise be reclaimed.  Other 
mechanisms to reclaim the disk should be used first, if available.  For 
example, if a disk is a member of an array, the array or volume should be 
deleted instead of using this function.  A disk marked as spare should use the 
function for unmarking as spare instead of this call.
.PP
.B Input parameters
.IP
\fBdiskHandle\fR - Handle of the disk on which to clear metadata.
.PP
.B Return value
.IP 
\fBSSI_StatusOk\fR - Indicates success.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusNotInitialized\fR - Indicates that the system is not initialized.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidHandle\fR - An invalid handle was passed in.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusFailed\fR - The call failed to complete successfully.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidState\fR - The disk is not in a state where its metadata 
can be cleared. (I.e. it is a member disk of a system volume).
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBssi.h(\fR3\fB), ssi_types(\fR3\fB), ssi_defines(\fR3\fB), 
ssi_functions(\fR3\fB).\fR
.SH AUTHORS
Anna Czarnowska (anna.czarnowska@intel.com), 
Lukasz Orlowski (lukasz.orlowski@intel.com),
Artur Wojcik (artur.wojcik@intel.com)
