.\" Copyright (c) 2011, Intel Corporation
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
.\"
.\"	* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"	* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
.\"	  documentation 
.\"	  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"	* Neither the name of Intel Corporation nor the names of its 
.\"	  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from 
.\"	  this software without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" 
.\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE 
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE 
.\" LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF 
.\" SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
.\" INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
.\" CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
.\" ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
.\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.TH SsiEventWait 3 "September 28, 2011" "version 0.1" "Linux Programmer's Reference"
.SH NAME
SsiEventWait - waits for a specified period of time for an event to occur.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B #include <ssi.h>

.BI "SSI_Status SsiEventWait(SSI_Uint32 " timeout ", "
.BI "SSI_Handle " eventHandle ");"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Waits for a specified period of time for an event to occur.  Additionally, if 
an event has occurred since the last time \fBSsiEventWait()\fR was called with 
the given event handle, this function shall return immediately with an event.  
If the \fBeventHandle\fR has never been passed into \fBSsiEventWait()\fR, then 
if an event has occurred since the handle was returned from 
\fBSsiGetEventHandle()\fR, this function shall return immediately with an event.
.PP
.B Input parameters
.IP
\fBtimeout\fR - Indicates the number of milliseconds to wait before returning 
with a timeout.  The value 0 indicates that the call should return immediately. 
The timeout occurs before an event is received, the return value shall be 
SSI_StatusTimeout.
.br
\fBeventHandle\fR - A valid eventHandle returned from \fBSsiGetEventHandle()\fR.
.PP
.B Return value
.IP 
\fBSSI_StatusOk\fR - An event was received.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusNotInitialized\fR - The API has not been initialized.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidHandle\fR - An invalid event handle was passed in.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusTimeout\fR - The call timed out before an event was received.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBssi.h(\fR3\fB), ssi_types(\fR3\fB), ssi_defines(\fR3\fB), 
ssi_functions(\fR3\fB), SsiGetEventHandle(\fR3\fB), 
SsiFreeEventHandle(\fR3\fB).\fR
.SH AUTHORS
Anna Czarnowska (anna.czarnowska@intel.com), 
Lukasz Orlowski (lukasz.orlowski@intel.com),
Artur Wojcik (artur.wojcik@intel.com)
