.\" Copyright (c) 2011, Intel Corporation
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
.\"
.\"	* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"	* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
.\"	  documentation 
.\"	  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"	* Neither the name of Intel Corporation nor the names of its 
.\"	  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from 
.\"	  this software without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" 
.\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE 
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE 
.\" LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF 
.\" SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
.\" INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
.\" CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
.\" ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
.\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.TH SsiGetRoutingDeviceHandles 3 "September 28, 2011" "version 0.1" "Linux Programmer's Reference"
.SH NAME
SsiGetRoutingDeviceHandles - retrieves handles to routing devices
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B #include <ssi.h>

.BI "SSI_Status SsiGetRoutingDeviceHandles(SSI_Handle " session ", "
.BI "SSI_ScopeType  " scopeType ", SSI_Handle " scopeHandle ", "
.BI "SSI_Handle *" handleList ", SSI_Uint32 *" handleCount ");"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This function retrieves handles to routing devices.  A routing device could be 
any type of SAS expander or port multiplier.
.PP
.B Input parameters
.IP
\fBsession\fR - The session to be used.  It is valid to pass 
\fBSSI_NULL_HANDLE\fR to indicate the call should generate and use a temporary 
internal session.
.br
\fBscopeType\fR - The following scopeTypes are valid for this function:
.br
	\fBSSI_ScopeTypeNone\fR
.br
	\fBSSI_ScopeTypeControllerDirect\fR - Only routing devices that are 
directly attached to the specified controller.
.br
	\fBSSI_ScopeTypeControllerAll\fR - Routing devices that are associated 
to the specified controller.
.br
\fBscopeHandle\fR - The handle associated with the scope.
.br
\fBhandleCount\fR - Indicates the number of handles the passed in 
\fBhandleList\fR array can hold.
.br
\fBcontroller\fR - Only handles for routing devices associated with this 
controller will be returned.  Ignored if\fB SSI_NULL_HANDLE\fR.
.PP
.B Output parameters
.IP
\fBhandleList\fR - A list of handles. This parameter may validly be passed in 
as null only if the value passed into *\fBhandleCount\fR is 0.
.br
\fBhandleCount\fR - Number of elements returned. If return value was 
\fBSSI_StatusBufferTooSmall\fR, this represents the size of the 
\fBhandleList\fR that needs to be passed in for this function to succeed.
.PP
.B Return value
.IP 
\fBSSI_StatusOk\fR - Indicates success.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusNotInitialized\fR - Indicates that the system has not been 
initialized.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidParameter\fR - A null pointer was passed in.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusBufferTooSmall\fR - The size of the buffer passed in is 
insufficient. See additional information in the description of the parameter 
\fBhandleCount\fR.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidSession\fR - The session is not valid.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidScope\fR - Either the \fBscopeType\fR is not valid for 
this function, or the scopeHandle does not represent an object of scopeType.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBssi.h(\fR3\fB), ssi_types(\fR3\fB), ssi_defines(\fR3\fB), 
ssi_functions(\fR3\fB), SsiGetRoutingDeviceInfo(\fR3\fB).\fR
.SH AUTHORS
Anna Czarnowska (anna.czarnowska@intel.com), 
Lukasz Orlowski (lukasz.orlowski@intel.com),
Artur Wojcik (artur.wojcik@intel.com)
