.\" Copyright (c) 2011, Intel Corporation
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
.\"
.\"	* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"	* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
.\"	  documentation 
.\"	  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"	* Neither the name of Intel Corporation nor the names of its 
.\"	  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from 
.\"	  this software without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" 
.\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE 
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE 
.\" LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF 
.\" SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
.\" INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
.\" CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
.\" ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
.\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.TH SsiGetPhyInfo 3 "September 28, 2011" "version 0.1" "Linux Programmer's Reference"
.SH NAME
SsiGetPhyInfo - returns a data structure containing phy-specific data
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B #include <ssi.h>

.BI "SSI_Status SsiGetPhyInfo(SSI_Handle " session ", "
.BI "SSI_Handle " phyHandle ", SSI_PhyInfo *" info ");"

\fBtypedef struct _SSI_PhyInfo
{
    SSI_Handle phyHandle;   
    SSI_Address phyAddress;            
    SSI_Uint32 phyNumber; 
    SSI_PhyProtocol protocol;      
    SSI_Handle associatedPort;  
	        
    SSI_DeviceType deviceType;  
    SSI_Handle deviceHandle;  

    SSI_Bool isExternal;        
    SSI_Bool hotPlugCap;   	

    SSI_PhySpeed minHWLinkSpeed;
    SSI_PhySpeed maxHWLinkSpeed;  
    SSI_PhySpeed minLinkSpeed;
    SSI_PhySpeed maxLinkSpeed;
    SSI_PhySpeed negotiatedLinkSpeed;

    SSI_Bool   countsValid;
    SSI_Uint32 invalildDWORDsCount;
    SSI_Uint32 receivedFramesCount;
    SSI_Uint32 transmittedFramesCount;
    SSI_Uint32 receivedDWORDsCount;
    SSI_Uint32 transmittedDWORDsCount;
    SSI_Uint32 syncLostCount;
    SSI_Uint32 runningDisparityErrorsCount;
    SSI_Uint32 crcErrorsCount;
    SSI_Uint32 shortFramesReceivedCount;
    SSI_Uint32 doneFrameReceivedCount;
    SSI_Uint32 PHYResetCount; 
.br
} SSI_PhyInfo;\fR

\fBtypedef enum _SSI_PhyProtocol
{
    SSI_PhyProtocolUnknown = 0,
    SSI_PhyProtocolSATA,
    SSI_PhyProtocolSMP,
    SSI_PhyProtocolSTP,
    SSI_PhyProtocolSSP,
.br
} SSI_PhyProtocol;\fR

\fBtypedef enum _SSI_PhySpeed
{
    SSI_PhySpeedUnknown = 0,
    SSI_PhySpeed_1_5_GEN1,
    SSI_PhySpeed_3_0_GEN2,
    SSI_PhySpeed_6_0_GEN3,
.br
} SSI_PhySpeed;\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
A phy is effectively one traffic lane.  When phys are connected, a port is 
established between the two devices.  SATA ports can only be x1 (1 phy 
connected to1 phy) but SAS ports can be x1, x2 or x4 depending on the number 
of phy connections that make up the port.  The port object exposed in this 
interface is the link table for mapping the topology of the system.  It 
contains the mapping between the two connected devices.

Returns a data structure containing phy-specific data.
.PP
.B Input parameters
.IP
\fBsession\fR - Either a valid session handle or \fBSSI_NULL_HANDLE\fR.
.br
\fBphyHandle\fR - Handle of the phy info to retrieve.
.PP
.B Output parameters
.IP
\fBinfo\fR - Data structure that contains the phy-specific data.
.PP
.B Return value
.IP 
\fBSSI_StatusOk\fR - Indicates success.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusNotInitialized\fR - Indicates that the system is not initialized.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidHandle\fR - An invalid handle was passed in.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidParameter\fR - A null parameter was passed in.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidSession\fR - The session is not valid.
.PP
.B SSI_PhyInfo fields
.IP
\fBphyHandle\fR - Handle to the phy represented by this structure.
.br
\fBphyAddress\fR - Address of the phy.
.br
\fBphyNumber\fR - Indicates which phy on the parent device this represents. 
(The actual number on the motherboard).
.br
\fBprotocol\fR - The connection protocol (SATA, SMP..).
.br
\fBassociatedPort\fR - Indicates the "logical" Port object that identifies the 
connection between phys.  If this phy has nothing connected to it, this value 
shall be \fBSSI_NULL_HANDLE\fR.
.br
\fBdeviceType\fR - The type of device that that this phy is contained in.
.br
\fBdeviceHandle\fR - The handle to the device that this device is contained in.
.br
\fBisExternal\fR - True if this phy is external, false otherwise. 
.br
\fBhotPlugCap\fR - True if a hot plug event can be detected on this phy.
.br
\fBminHWLinkSpeed\fR - Minimum hardware speed the phy can operate at.  
.br
\fBmaxHWLinkSpeed\fR - Maximum hardware speed the phy can operate at.  
.br
\fBminLinkSpeed\fR - Minimum programmed speed the phy can operate at.  
.br
\fBmaxLinkSpeed\fR - Maximum programmed speed the phy can operate at.
.br
\fBnegotiatedLinkSpeed\fR - The negotiated link speed.
.br
\fBcountsValid\fR - When TRUE, all of the parameters in this structure ending 
in the word "Count" contain valid data.  Otherwise, those parameters may not 
contain valid data.  For any parameter not containing valid data, an 
implementation shall set the value to "0".
.br
\fBinvalidDWORDsCount\fR - Number of invalid DWORDs that have been received 
since power reset.
.br
\fBreceivedFramesCount\fR - Number of frames received.
.br
\fBtransmittedFramesCount\fR - Number of frames transmitted.
.br
\fBreceivedDWORDsCount\fR - Number of DWORDS received.
.br
\fBtransmittedDWORDsCount\fR - Number of DWORDS transmitted.
.br
\fBsyncLostCount\fR - Number of times the phy has restarted the link reset 
sequence because it lost dword synchronization.
.br
\fBrunningDisparityErrorsCount\fR - Number of DWORDs containing running 
disparity errors.
.br
\fBcrcErrorsCount\fR - Number of CRC errors.
.br
\fBshortFramesReceivedCount\fR - Number of short frames received.
.br
\fBdoneFramesReceivedCount\fR - Number of done frames received.
.br
\fBphyResetCount\fR - Number of times the phy reset problem has occurred.
.PP
.B SSI_PhyProtocol values
.IP
\fBSSI_PhyProtocolUnknown\fR - Phy protocol can not be determined.
.br
\fBSSI_PhyProtocolSATA\fR - SATA protocol.
.br
\fBSSI_PortProtocolSMP\fR - SAS management protocol.
.br
\fBSSI_PortProtocolSTP\fR - Serial Tunneling protocol.
.br
\fBSSI_PortProtocolSSP\fR - Serial SCSI protocol.
.PP
.B SSI_PhySpeed values
.IP
\fBSSI_PhySpeedUnknown\fR - Link speed is unknown.
.br
\fBSSI_PhySpeed_1_5_GEN1\fR - SATA 1 - Generation 1 speed.
.br
\fBSSI_PhySpeed_3_0_GEN2\fR - SATA 3 - Generation 2 speed.
.br
\fBSSI_PhySpeed_6_0_GEN3\fR - SATA 6 - Generation 3 speed.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBssi.h(\fR3\fB), ssi_types(\fR3\fB), ssi_defines(\fR3\fB), 
ssi_functions(\fR3\fB), SsiGetPhyHandles(\fR3\fB).\fR
.SH AUTHORS
Anna Czarnowska (anna.czarnowska@intel.com), 
Lukasz Orlowski (lukasz.orlowski@intel.com),
Artur Wojcik (artur.wojcik@intel.com)
