.\" Copyright (c) 2011, Intel Corporation
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
.\"
.\"	* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"	* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
.\"	  documentation 
.\"	  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"	* Neither the name of Intel Corporation nor the names of its 
.\"	  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from 
.\"	  this software without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" 
.\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE 
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE 
.\" LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF 
.\" SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
.\" INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
.\" CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
.\" ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
.\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.TH SsiGetEnclosureInfo 3 "September 28, 2011" "version 0.1" "Linux Programmer's Reference"
.SH NAME
SsiGetEnclosureInfo - returns a data structure containing enclosure-specific 
data
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B #include <ssi.h>

.BI "SSI_Status SsiGetEnclosureInfo(SSI_Handle " session ", "
.BI "SSI_Handle " enclosureHandle ", SSI_EnclosureInfo *" info ");"

\fBtypedef struct _SSI_EnclosureInfo
{
    SSI_Handle enclosureHandle;
    SSI_Uint32 enclosureKey;
    SSI_Char vendorInfo[SSI_VENDOR_LENGTH];
    SSI_Char productId[SSI_PRODUCT_ID_LENGTH];
    SSI_Char productRev[SSI_PRODUCT_REV_LENGTH];
    SSI_Char logicalId[SSI_VENDOR_LENGTH];

    SSI_Uint32 processorCount;
    SSI_Uint32 subenclosureCount;
    SSI_Uint32 elementCount;
    SSI_Uint32 numberOfSlots;
.br
} SSI_EnclosureInfo;\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
An enclosure is a box, rack, or set of boxes providing the powering, cooling, 
mechanical protection, and external electronic interfaces for one or more SCSI 
devices.  Some of the individual elements of an enclosure may be removable and 
replaceable while the enclosure continues to operate. An enclosure services 
process typically manages all these enclosure elements and communicates with 
the SCSI application client.

Returns a data structure containing enclosure-specific data.
.PP
.B Input parameters
.IP
\fBsession\fR - Either a valid session handle or \fBSSI_NULL_HANDLE\fR.
.br
\fBenclosureHandle\fR - Handle of the enclosure to retrieve.
.PP
.B Output parameters
.IP
\fBinfo\fR - Data structure that contains the enclosure-specific data.
.PP
.B Return value
.IP 
\fBSSI_StatusOk\fR - Indicates success.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusNotInitialized\fR - Indicates that the system is not initialized.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidHandle\fR - An invalid handle was passed in.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidParameter\fR - A null parameter was passed in.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidSession\fR - The session is not valid.
.PP
.B SSI_EnclosureInfo fields
.IP
\fBenclosureHandle\fR - Handle to the enclosure represented by this structure.
.br
\fBvendorId\fR - The vendor identification string.
.br
\fBproductId\fR - The product identification string.
.br
\fBproductRev\fR - The product revision string.
.br
\fBlogicalID\fR - The unique logical identifier of the enclosure.
.br
\fBprocessorCount\fR - The number of processors in the enclosure.
.br
\fBsubenclosureCount\fR - The number of sub-enclosures in the enclosure.
.br
\fBelementCount\fR - The number of elements in the enclosure.
.br
\fBenclosureKey\fR - A Unique Key Identifier for Enclosure used in lookups for 
CLI tools.
.br
\fBnumberOfSlots\fR - This field contains the number of slots on the enclosure. 
If the enclosure does not support slot information or this field must be 
\fBSSI_INVALID_SLOTINFORMATION\fR (0xFFFFFFFF).
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBssi.h(\fR3\fB), ssi_types(\fR3\fB), ssi_defines(\fR3\fB), 
ssi_functions(\fR3\fB), SsiGetEnclosureHandles(\fR3\fB).\fR
.SH AUTHORS
Anna Czarnowska (anna.czarnowska@intel.com), 
Lukasz Orlowski (lukasz.orlowski@intel.com),
Artur Wojcik (artur.wojcik@intel.com)
