.\" Copyright (c) 2011, Intel Corporation
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
.\"
.\"	* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"	* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
.\"	  documentation 
.\"	  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"	* Neither the name of Intel Corporation nor the names of its 
.\"	  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from 
.\"	  this software without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" 
.\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE 
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE 
.\" LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF 
.\" SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
.\" INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
.\" CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
.\" ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
.\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.TH SsiGetPortInfo 3 "September 28, 2011" "version 0.1" "Linux Programmer's Reference"
.SH NAME
SsiGetPortInfo - returns a data structure containing port-specific data
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B #include <ssi.h>

.BI "SSI_Status SsiGetPortInfo(SSI_Handle " session ", "
.BI "SSI_Handle " portHandle ", SSI_PortInfo *" info ");"

\fBtypedef struct _SSI_PortInfo
{
    SSI_Handle portHandle;
    SSI_Address portAddress;
   
    SSI_Uint32 numPhys; //1, 2 or 4

    SSI_DeviceType localDeviceType;  
    SSI_Handle localDeviceHandle;  
	  
    SSI_Handle connectedToPort;
.br
} SSI_PortInfo;\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The port concept in the SAS environment is a logical construct.  It represents 
a physical connection created when a group of PHYs with the same SAS address 
are linked to another group of PHYs.  This is not identical to the SATA 
concept of a port, but, as the SAS representation works for both, the SAS port 
representation is what is used in this specification.

Some SAS nomenclature for use later in this section:
.IP
* Narrow Port: 
.br
Narrow ports have only a single PHY per device in use between two devices; 
there exists an explicit PHY to PHY connection between two devices.
In this context, SATA devices can only ever use a narrow port.
SAS devices typically have two PHYs that can be configured as two narrow ports 
(0, 1).  Each PHY on the SAS disk presents a different SAS address.
.br
* Wide Port: 
.br
Wide ports have 2 or more PHYs per device in use between two devices; multiple 
PHYs on a device are connected to an equal number of PHYs on another device.
If a SAS disk drive has both of its PHYs configured into a wide port, the port 
represents only a single SAS address.

Returns a data structure containing the port-specific data.
.PP
.B Input parameters
.IP
\fBsession\fR - Either a valid session handle or \fBSSI_NULL_HANDLE\fR.
.br
\fBportHandle\fR - Handle of the port info to retrieve.
.PP
.B Output parameters
.IP
\fBinfo\fR - Data structure that contains the port-specific data.
.PP
.B Return value
.IP 
\fBSSI_StatusOk\fR - Indicates success.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusNotInitialized\fR - Indicates that the system is not initialized.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidHandle\fR - An invalid handle was passed in.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidParameter\fR - A null parameter was passed in.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidSession\fR - The session is not valid.
.PP
.B SSI_PortInfo fields
.IP
\fBportHandle
Handle to the port represented by this structure.
.br
\fBportAddress\fR - The portAddress field can represent both SAS Address and 
SCSI Address. On a SAS controller, it represents the SAS Address; on an AHCI 
controller, it represents the SCSI Address.
.br
\fBnumPhys\fR - The width of the port defined by the number of Phys - x1, x2 
or x4.
.br
\fBlocalDeviceType\fR - The local device type.
.br
\fBlocalDeviceHandle\fR - The handle to the local device.
.br
\fBconnectedToPort\fR - Handle of the port that this port is connected to (on 
the remote device).
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBssi.h(\fR3\fB), ssi_types(\fR3\fB), ssi_defines(\fR3\fB), 
ssi_functions(\fR3\fB), SsiGetPortHandles(\fR3\fB).\fR
.SH AUTHORS
Anna Czarnowska (anna.czarnowska@intel.com), 
Lukasz Orlowski (lukasz.orlowski@intel.com),
Artur Wojcik (artur.wojcik@intel.com)
