.\" Copyright (c) 2011, Intel Corporation
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
.\"
.\"	* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"	* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
.\"	  documentation 
.\"	  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"	* Neither the name of Intel Corporation nor the names of its 
.\"	  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from 
.\"	  this software without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" 
.\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE 
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE 
.\" LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF 
.\" SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
.\" INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
.\" CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
.\" ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
.\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.TH SsiGetRaidHandles 3 "September 28, 2011" "version 0.1" "Linux Programmer's Reference"
.SH NAME
SsiGetRaidHandles - returns handles to RAID structures
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B #include <ssi.h>

.BI "SSI_Status SsiGetRaidInfoHandles(SSI_Handle " session ", "
.BI "SSI_Handle *" handleList ", SSI_Uint32 *" handleCount ");"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
In order to support future plans for a Raid core that is separate from the 
specific controllers, the Raid specific information is stored separately from 
the Controller information. 

This function retrieves handles to all raid info structures.  In the future, 
there may be only one Raid Info in the entire system.  However, there could 
also be one per controller.
.PP
.B Input parameters
.IP
\fBsession\fR - The session to be used. It is valid to pass 
\fBSSI_NULL_HANDLE\fR to indicate the call should generate and use a temporary 
internal session.
.br
\fBhandleCount\fR - Indicates the number of handles the passed in handleList 
array can hold.
.PP
.B Output parameters
.IP
\fBhandleList\fR - A list of raid info handles.  This parameter may validly be 
passed in as null only if the value passed into *handleCount is 0.
.br
\fBhandleCount\fR - Number of elements returned.  If return value was 
\fBSSI_StatusBufferTooSmall\fR, this represents the number of handles that the 
\fBhandleList\fR must be able to contain to return successfully.
.PP
.B Return value
.IP 
\fBSSI_StatusOk\fR - Indicates success.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusNotInitialized\fR - Indicates that the system has not been 
initialized.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidParameter\fR - A null pointer was passed in.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidHandle\fR - An invalid handle was passed in.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusBufferTooSmall\fR - The size of the buffer passed in is
insufficient.  See additional information in the description of the parameter 
\fBhandleCount\fR.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidSession\fR - The session is not valid.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBssi.h(\fR3\fB), ssi_types(\fR3\fB), ssi_defines(\fR3\fB), 
ssi_functions(\fR3\fB), SsiGetRaidInfo(\fR3\fB).\fR
.SH AUTHORS
Anna Czarnowska (anna.czarnowska@intel.com), 
Lukasz Orlowski (lukasz.orlowski@intel.com),
Artur Wojcik (artur.wojcik@intel.com)
