.\" Copyright (c) 2011, Intel Corporation
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
.\"
.\"	* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"	* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
.\"	  documentation 
.\"	  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"	* Neither the name of Intel Corporation nor the names of its 
.\"	  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from 
.\"	  this software without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" 
.\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE 
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE 
.\" LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF 
.\" SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
.\" INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
.\" CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
.\" ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
.\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.TH SsiGetRaidLevelInfo 3 "September 28, 2011" "version 0.1" "Linux Programmer's Reference"
.SH NAME
SsiGetRaidLevelInfo - returns information about the associated raid level 
capabilities
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B #include <ssi.h>

.BI "SSI_Status SsiGetRaidLevelInfo(SSI_Handle " session ", "
.BI "SSI_Handle " raidInfoHandle ", SSI_RaidLevel " raidLevel ", "
.BI "SSI_RaidLevelInfo *" info ");"

\fBtypedef struct _SSI_RaidLevelInfo
{
    SSI_Bool supported;
    SSI_Uint32 minDisks;
    SSI_Uint32 maxDisks;
    SSI_StripSize defaultStripSize;
    SSI_RaidLevel migrSupport;  
    SSI_RaidLevel migrDiskAdd;   
    SSI_Bool evenDiskCount;  
    SSI_Bool oddDiskCount;   
    SSI_StripSize stripSizesSupported;
.br
} SSI_RaidLevelInfo;\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Given a raid information structure handle and a raid level, returns 
information about the associated raid level capabilities and how it it's 
supported.  The information contained in the RAID level provides key 
information about the capabilities of the given RAID level.  
.br
\fBRaidlevel\fR Info takes session because, once the standard information 
about a given raid level is filled, it looks to the controller of the raid 
information to update the capabilities based on that specific controller.
.PP
.B Input parameters
.IP
\fBsession\fR - The session to be used. It is valid to pass 
\fBSSI_NULL_HANDLE\fR to indicate the call should generate and use a 
temporary internal session.
.br
\fBraidInfoHandle\fR - Handle of the raid info structure to reference.  
.br
\fBraidLevel\fR - The raid level to index.
.PP
.B Output parameters
.IP
\fBinfo\fR - Data structure that contains the raid level-specific data.
.PP
.B Return value
.IP 
\fBSSI_StatusOk\fR - Indicates success.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusNotInitialized\fR - Indicates that the system has not been 
initialized.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidParameter\fR - A null pointer was passed in.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidHandle\fR - An invalid handle was passed in.
.PP
.B SSI_RaidLevelInfo fields
.IP
\fBsupported\fR - Flag that indicates if this RAID level is supported for the 
given raid info.  If false, the values of all other fields in this structure 
should be considered invalid.
.br
\fBminDisks\fR - The minimum number of disks supported by this raid level.
.br
\fBmaxDisks\fR - The maximum number of disks supported by this raid level.
.br
\fBdefaultStripSize\fR - The default strip size to be used for this RAID level.
.br
\fBmigrSupport\fR - Indicates all of the different RAID levels that a user can 
migrate to from this RAID level.  The value will be a binary OR of all of the 
different RAID levels' enumeration values.
.br
\fBmigrDiskAdd\fR - Indicates which raid levels would require a disk addition 
to perform a migration.  This will be a subset of the list in migrSupport field.
.br
\fBevenDiskCount\fR - Indicates that this RAID level requires an even number 
of disks.
.br
\fBoddDiskCount\fR - Indicates that this RAID level requires an odd number of 
disks.
.br
\fBstripSizesSupported\fR - Indicates the strip sizes supported by this RAID 
level. This is a binary OR of all of the supported strip sizes.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBssi.h(\fR3\fB), ssi_types(\fR3\fB), ssi_defines(\fR3\fB), 
ssi_functions(\fR3\fB).\fR
.SH AUTHORS
Anna Czarnowska (anna.czarnowska@intel.com), 
Lukasz Orlowski (lukasz.orlowski@intel.com),
Artur Wojcik (artur.wojcik@intel.com)
