.\" Copyright (c) 2011, Intel Corporation
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
.\"
.\"	* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"	* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
.\"	  documentation 
.\"	  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"	* Neither the name of Intel Corporation nor the names of its 
.\"	  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from 
.\"	  this software without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" 
.\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE 
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE 
.\" LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF 
.\" SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
.\" INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
.\" CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
.\" ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
.\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.TH SsiGetPhyHandles 3 "September 28, 2011" "version 0.1" "Linux Programmer's Reference"
.SH NAME
SsiGetPhyHandles - retrieves handles to phys
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B #include <ssi.h>

.BI "SSI_Status SsiGetPhyHandles(SSI_Handle " session ", "
.BI "SSI_ScopeType  " scopeType ", SSI_Handle " scopeHandle ", "
.BI "SSI_Handle *" handleList ", SSI_Uint32 *" handleCount ");"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
A phy is effectively one traffic lane.  When phys are connected, a port is 
established between the two devices.  SATA ports can only be x1 (1 phy 
connected to1 phy) but SAS ports can be x1, x2 or x4 depending on the number 
of phy connections that make up the port.  The port object exposed in this 
interface is the link table for mapping the topology of the system.  It 
contains the mapping between the two connected devices.

This function retrieves handles to all phys.
.PP
.B Input parameters
.IP
\fBsession\fR - The session to be used.  It is valid to pass 
\fBSSI_NULL_HANDLE\fR to indicate the call should generate and use a 
temporary session.
.br
\fBscopeType\fR - The following scopeTypes are valid for this function:
.br
	\fBSSI_ScopeTypeNone\fR
.br
	\fBSSI_ScopeTypeControllerDirect\fR - Only phys directly attached to the 
specified controller.
.br
	\fBSSI_ScopeTypeEndDevice\fR - Only phys directly on the specified end device.
.br
	\fBSSI_ScopeTypeRoutingDevice\fR - Only phys directly on the specified 
routing device.
.br
	\fBSSI_ScopeTypePort\fR - Only phys associated with the specified port.
.br
\fBscopeHandle\fR - The handle associated with the scope.
.br
\fBhandleCount\fR - Indicates the number of handles the passed in handleList 
array can hold.
.PP
.B Output parameters
.IP
\fBhandleList\fR - A list of handles.  This parameter may validly be passed in 
as null only if the value passed into *\fBhandleCount\fR is 0.
.br
\fBhandleCount\fR - Number of elements returned.  If return value was 
\fBSSI_StatusBufferTooSmall\fR, this represents the size of the 
\fBhandleList\fR that needs to be passed in for this function to succeed.
.PP
.B Return value
.IP 
\fBSSI_StatusOk\fR - Indicates success.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusNotInitialized\fR - Indicates that the system has not been 
initialized.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidParameter\fR - A null pointer was passed in.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusBufferTooSmall\fR - The size of the buffer passed in is 
insufficient. See additional information in the description of the parameter 
\fBhandleCount\fR.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidSession\fR - The session is not valid.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidScope\fR - Either the scopeType is not valid for this 
function, or the scopeHandle does not represent an object of \fBscopeType\fR.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBssi.h(\fR3\fB), ssi_types(\fR3\fB), ssi_defines(\fR3\fB), 
ssi_functions(\fR3\fB), SsiGetPhyInfo(\fR3\fB).\fR
.SH AUTHORS
Anna Czarnowska (anna.czarnowska@intel.com), 
Lukasz Orlowski (lukasz.orlowski@intel.com),
Artur Wojcik (artur.wojcik@intel.com)
