.\" Copyright (c) 2011, Intel Corporation
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
.\"
.\"	* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"	* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
.\"	  documentation 
.\"	  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"	* Neither the name of Intel Corporation nor the names of its 
.\"	  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from 
.\"	  this software without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" 
.\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE 
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE 
.\" LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF 
.\" SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
.\" INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
.\" CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
.\" ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
.\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.TH SsiGetSystemInfo 3 "September 28, 2011" "version 0.1" "Linux Programmer's Reference"
.SH NAME
SsiGetSystemInfo - returns system data
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B #include <ssi.h>

.BI "SSI_Status SsiGetSystemInfo(SSI_SystemInfo *" systemInfo ");"

\fBtypedef struct _SSI_SystemInfo
{
    SSI_Uint32 interfaceVersionMajor;
    SSI_Uint32 interfaceVersionMinor;
    SSI_Char   libraryVersion[SSI_SOFTWARE_VERSION_LENGTH];    
    SSI_Uint32 maxSessions;
    SSI_Bool   setVolCacheSizeSupport;
    SSI_Bool   passthroughCommandSupport;
.br
} SSI_SystemInfo;\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Returns a data structure containing system wide data.
.PP
.B Output parameters
.IP
\fBsystemInfo\fR - Data structure that contains the system data.
.PP
.B Return value
.IP 
\fBSSI_StatusOk\fR - Indicates success.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusNotInitialized\fR - Indicates that the system is not initialized.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidParameter\fR - A null parameter was passed in.
.PP
.B SSI_SystemInfo Fields:
.IP
\fBinterfaceVersionMajor\fR - Major version of the interface used by this 
library. An implementation conforming to this spec shall use a value of 1 for 
this field.
.br
\fBinterfaceVersionMinor\fR - Minor version of the interface used by this 
library. An implementation conforming to this spec shall use a value of 0 for 
this field.
.br
\fBlibraryVersion\fR - Version of the software stack. This library version is 
retrieved from "Ver.h" after the build store has updated the build number. 
This is a non-localized, screen printable null-terminated ASCII string in the 
form "Major.Minor.HotFix.Build", i.e. "3.0.0.1234".
.br
\fBmaxSessions\fR - The maximum number of sessions supported by the given 
implementation of SSI.  A consumer of the API can safely open this many 
concurrent sessions, without the API failing the \fBSSI_SessionOpen()\fR call 
due to insufficient resources.  To be compliant with this specification, the 
value must be greater than or equal to 5.
.br
\fBsetVolCacheSizeSupport\fR - True if this implementation supports the 
\fBSSI_SetVolCacheSize()\fR function, false otherwise.
.br
\fBpassthroughCommandSupport\fR - True if this implementation supports the 
\fBSSI_PassthroughCommand()\fR function, false otherwise.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBssi.h(\fR3\fB), ssi_types(\fR3\fB), ssi_defines(\fR3\fB), 
ssi_functions(\fR3\fB).\fR
.SH AUTHORS
Anna Czarnowska (anna.czarnowska@intel.com), 
Lukasz Orlowski (lukasz.orlowski@intel.com),
Artur Wojcik (artur.wojcik@intel.com)
