.\" Copyright (c) 2011, Intel Corporation
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
.\"
.\"	* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"	* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
.\"	  documentation 
.\"	  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"	* Neither the name of Intel Corporation nor the names of its 
.\"	  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from 
.\"	  this software without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" 
.\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE 
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE 
.\" LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF 
.\" SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
.\" INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
.\" CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
.\" ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
.\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.TH SsiRaidLevelModify 3 "September 28, 2011" "version 0.1" "Linux Programmer's Reference"
.SH NAME
SsiRaidLevelModify - modifies the raid level of a volume
array
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B #include <ssi.h>

.BI "SSI_Status SsiRaidLevelModify(SSI_Handle " volumeHandle ", "
.BI "SSI_RaidLevelModifyParams " params ");"

\fBtypedef struct _SSI_RaidLevelModifyParams
{  
    SSI_StripSize newStripSize;
    SSI_RaidLevel newRaidLevel;
    SSI_Uint64    newSizeInBytes;  
    SSI_Handle *diskHandles;
    SSI_Uint32 diskHandleCount; 
.br
} SSI_RaidLevelModifyParams;\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This function is used for modifying the raid level of a volume. An 
implementation may only support changing the strip size and volume size if the 
raid level is changing as well. This call is only valid if the volume is in 
the \fBSSI_VolumeStateNormal\fR state.
.PP
.B Input parameters
.IP
\fBhandle\fR - Handle of the volume to modify.
.br
\fBparams\fR - Indicates the new strip size, raid level, disk additions, and 
size of the volume in bytes.
.PP
.B Return value
.IP 
\fBSSI_StatusOk\fR - Indicates success.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusNotInitialized\fR - Indicates that the system has not been 
initialized.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidHandle\fR - An invalid handle was passed in.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidStripSize\fR - The stripSize is not valid for the 
specified raid level.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidSize\fR - The size is not valid.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidRaidLevel\fR - Cannot migrate to the specified raid level.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusFailed\fR - The call failed to complete successfully.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusNotSupported\fR - The action is not supported.
.PP
.B SSI_RaidLevelModifyParams fields
.IP
\fBnewStripSize\fR - The desired new strip size.
.br
\fBnewRaidLevel\fR - The desired new raid level.
.br
\fBnewSizeInBytes\fR - The desired new size in bytes. A value of 0 shall 
indicate that the maximum available space shall be used.  Additionally, note 
that some implementations may only support sizes that are a multiple of some 
value (i.e. whole megabytes, block size, etc.).  In such a case, an 
implementation may use a value that is rounded down to the next usable value. 
.br
\fBdiskHandles\fR - An array of handles of disks to be added to the volume.
.br
\fBdiskHandleCount\fR - Indicates the number of handles present in the 
\fBdiskHandles\fR list.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBssi.h(\fR3\fB), ssi_types(\fR3\fB), ssi_defines(\fR3\fB), 
ssi_functions(\fR3\fB).\R
.SH AUTHORS
Anna Czarnowska (anna.czarnowska@intel.com), 
Lukasz Orlowski (lukasz.orlowski@intel.com),
Artur Wojcik (artur.wojcik@intel.com)
