.\" Copyright (c) 2011, Intel Corporation
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
.\"
.\"	* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"	* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
.\"	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
.\"	  documentation 
.\"	  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"	* Neither the name of Intel Corporation nor the names of its 
.\"	  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from 
.\"	  this software without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" 
.\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE 
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE 
.\" LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF 
.\" SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
.\" INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
.\" CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
.\" ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
.\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.TH SsiVolumeMarkAsNormal 3 "September 28, 2011" "version 0.1" "Linux Programmer's Reference"
.SH NAME
SsiDiskVolumeAsNormal - marks a failed volume as being healthy
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B #include <ssi.h>

.BI "SSI_Status SsiVolumeMarkAsNormal(SSI_Handle " volumeHandle ");"

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.B Note:
This function is here for compatibility purposes only. Not 
implemented under \fBLinux\fR.

Marks a failed volume as being healthy.  The volume must be in the 
\fBSSI_VolumeStateFailed\fR state, and all disks associated with the volume 
must be in the SSI_DiskStateNormal or \fBSSI_DiskStateSmart\fR state. 
Performing this operation will bring the volume online into the 
\fBSSI_VolumeStateNormal\fR state, as an attempt to recover the volume. 
It is possible that the data will be corrupt or invalid, as the volume was 
failed. 
.PP
.B Input parameters
.IP
\fBvolumeHandle\fR - Handle of the volume to mark as healthy.
.PP
.B Return value
.IP 
\fBSSI_StatusOk\fR - Indicates success.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusNotInitialized\fR - Indicates that the system has not been 
initialized.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidHandle\fR - An invalid handle was passed in.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusInvalidState\fR - Either the volume is not failed or the disks 
are not all present and normal.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusFailed\fR - The call failed to complete successfully.
.br
\fBSSI_StatusNotSupported\fR - The action is not supported.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBssi.h(\fR3\fB), ssi_types(\fR3\fB), ssi_defines(\fR3\fB), 
ssi_functions(\fR3\fB).\fR
.SH AUTHORS
Anna Czarnowska (anna.czarnowska@intel.com), 
Lukasz Orlowski (lukasz.orlowski@intel.com),
Artur Wojcik (artur.wojcik@intel.com)
